Added warning (#3)
zaproxy/action-full-scan: README.md

optional ajax spider scan and then a full active scan before reporting the results. The alerts will be maintained as a 
GitHub issue in the corresponding repository.

> Be aware that this action will perform attacks on the taget website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**WARNING** Be aware that this action will perform attacks on the target website.
```

Reviewer: Maybe even:
```markdown
## WARNING
Be aware that this action will perform attacks on the target website.
...
```

Author: +1

You should only scan targets that you have permission to test.

> You should also check with your hosting company and any other services such as CNDs that may be affected before running this action.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should also check with your hosting company and any other services such as CDNs that may be affected before running this action.
```

Author: Good spot
